document ssh connection for git dependencies (#3389)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/docs/dependency-specification.md

numpy = { git = "https://github.com/numpy/numpy.git", tag = "v0.13.2" }
```

> To use ssh connection (for example for private reopsitories) simply follow the standard git syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an SSH connection, for e.g. in the case of private repositories, simply follow the standard git syntax:
```

Author: thank you. good improvement, only will slightly change `for e.g.`, since `e.g.` translates to `for example`.

```suggestion
To use an SSH connection,  for example in the case of  private repositories, simply follow the standard git syntax:
```

> To use an SSH connection, for example in the case of private repositories, simply follow the standard git syntax:

Reviewer 2: May I suggest a slightly-different phrasing here?
> To use an SSH connection, for example in the case of private repositories, use the following example syntax:

Reviewer: This more general phrase makes sense! Thank you 💫

> To use an SSH connection,  for example in the case of  private repositories, simply follow the standard git syntax:

Author: ```suggestion
To use an SSH connection, for example in the case of private repositories, simply follow the standard git syntax:
```
